# CS250Final

Final reflection on Agile methodologies (specifically Scrum) while working in the development team for the SNHU Travel Project.

Q: "How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating 'user stories' help with this?"

A: In agile, and more specifically in Scrum, user needs are implemented into a project through the product backlog. The Product Owner interviews user personas, or a typical/reoccuring user of a product, and establishes their need/want for what the product should do that helps them. The Product Owner then translates it into a well defined goal that the agile development team can implement so that the product can increase it's quality and be closer to it's 'Defintion of Done'. The "user story" is a way of translating the user's request into a descriptive and measurable unit of work that a team member can develop, test, and build upon throughout the develompent cycle. Thus, the user story allows the customer to have input, and for the team to have a key point to focus on and ensure they are producing a successful product near the end of a Sprint.

Q: "How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?"

A: I hope to incorporate a great level of collaboration in my future development work. Many hands make for small work. The agile system, despite being consistently made of small teams of only a few people that could finish about only 2 pizzas, allows for every member of the team to be constantly working together. Be it the daily-stand up, the useful tools like Jira or VersionOne that allow for seamless sharing of information and updates, or the values of openness and togetherness that the team members share, Agile fosters a culture of honest work that can be accomplished quickly and efficiently when everyone is focused and share the knowledge on all levels through every step of the product's building process. It's my hope that I can approach the development of every program in the future with the same level of cooperation and efficiency.

Q: "What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?"

A: Accountability and honesty. Coding can be a daunting task sometimes, especially alone; which is why software development is often done in teams. As a member of the team, as I've learned in my workings of the SNHU Travel Project, it helps in the long run when you have fellow members who are both accountable and transparent with one another. As it's showcased in the agile framework a development team members role is to both manage their own work, but also be able to organize with their fellow team members so that the team as a single unit succeeds. This can only be done when all members are open and transparent in reporting and working on each task (or item on the product backlog) until the Sprint concludes or the 'Definition of Done' is met. And in software development, a team member must be both accountable to themselves to code ethically and be accountable on the work they complete to their fellow team members. This is why agile works so well. It inspires team members to contribute and maximize their skills and abilities to ensure the software meets or exceeds the users expecations, or allows the developer to be honest to inquire for assistance, and for the other team members to be inspired to collaborate and help so the team as a whole succeeds. An honest and responsible developer to both themselves and others is a vital and appreciated team member.
